It is a coex to the dragon of the attacking juri use
This time a
The 2nd of the basic conflict game basic 10 articles
So about the anti-aircraft attack
I think I want to start a beginner knitting
Well as questions are also accepted at any time in parallel, so whether you can comment on the blog
I think that I would like to respond at any time by contacting twitter email
Also soon to contact when the swelling videos and asked to subscribe of youtube
Tara if very well, because the e-mail of news to go
Please be
Well then, I'm going to go into the air, yes for beginners
To teach
One is one, but two one Futaffu
By Juri's anti-air attack
This kind of bread in shoes like most used is extremely strong
The other graduates Hen would just have this and Well once shoes table bread
I want to use it because I can use it in the same way
Well doing what when it is in the beginning Kotodee Emaa most of beginner knitting the practice of physical education attack
Recording data and want a little talk in complete feeling to
It's okay if it 's a serious player but it's a ghost but it's a ghost
Well urochoro and Jean-ish
Please be was a lot of wide-area Jean punch at this time to professional Choro is
Foot roughly in Moha is lowly
It's about a big fan and it's about 3 different highlands
Even if the coach urochoro to drop
If you fly what you did urochoro
photos
Please practice this if you fly
Great if you fly
Well do 10 times, you can never drop more than 9 times
We had
Even real battle
Who is flying to absolutely say I when the surface-to-air comes out is in you're doing to be able to consciousness in a combat
You have to be aware that you're stealing things .
Those of beginners is Well
Or rather the people of the graduates to the city
Not everyone is facing the sky, but only people who are conscious can not type
Basically, the whole
Well, I think it is possible to deal with the leg if you are conscious of the fire flame fist, especially though it is Peron.
Was not there
If you are conscious of your legs, you may not come to the target
That awareness distribution is quite important, isn't it?
It's kinda difficult but
While Tame the modal is why always accepted
a
I think that it is important to say be aware of the jump
Basically and has accumulated a ball it does not come from the horizontal lateral from before
next to
Nde not Enrage from this direction
It is not easy to come from this direction, and the other party will jump over the soul and act
I am conscious of the above because
It's Tteyuu drop in the medium bread is the surface-to-air of acceptance
It's a little difficult, but if this can be 80 % and 90 % of this well, the next will be
The stage
Do the same with stocking the ball
While stopping the ball
We attacked such a place
False rumor
I will try to open it occasionally
This is not opened
Well, it means another destination Another destination
As much as hall
Next Once you become beautiful out from this it has issued a long ball cancellation
It is good even in the Diet law now
I want to be a long ball eldest daughter
I will
Hmm
Here Rahen is it become insanely strong and so are pooled the long ball
It's a shame ball that just hangs over it
11 points
Wow strong Kya Masu there is to strongly
Hmm
Please make sure to collect the balls
Oh, let's just go one more and let's go one more step
Well
It marks Den bread
Not N about Sniper
I want to go with the type even in the stypan
Pretty shoes want bread Yeah occurred at'm a little slow
Please be a little early
If you press the button a little earlier
If you don't do it, you'll be sidelined like before
However, the good part of the shoe stand pan can be close to turning
For example
Kana about this
Oh
Yes yes
Whether it is doubtful whether the medium bread is quite washable and they about this
To lightweight
I wonder if I can drop it
I find Matsushiro
eh
On the other hand, the trial is still at the time of this vows
It can be dropped quite
Such a place is strong, and when it's close to the bones and it's almost time and day, it's two pans
Distant and day shoes middle Idei bread in all
Please properly used prima facie distance Stu bread and shoes stand worth
It is such a place, maybe one more
Finally one by one
th
Back water after dropping in 8 main bread if it is done
To do
I feel like you can fall behind in the middle of the pan and start dashing
eh
When you can do this a 8 a
It damages sources from not a medium pan surface-to-air is up
I think it would be nice to practice here
More than day
Masu example Well of basic fighting game 10 fundamentals
The second chapter Chapter 2 I finish the beginner's edition of the second chapter anti-air attack
Also, because this video is up to the 10 wins to the 10 series
Please look forward to it .
Then
I want to end here
Excuse me